# Error Codes

<table><thead><tr><th>Code</th><th width="373.3333333333333">Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>'success'</td><td>General success code</td></tr><tr><td>'error'</td><td>General error code</td></tr><tr><td>'unknown-error'</td><td>Unknown error</td></tr><tr><td>'uncategorized-error'</td><td>Uncategorized error</td></tr><tr><td>'internal-error'</td><td>Internal error</td></tr><tr><td>'no-record'</td><td>No data in the database</td></tr><tr><td>'duplicated-data'</td><td>Record is duplicated</td></tr><tr><td>'duplicated-name'</td><td>Name is duplicated</td></tr><tr><td>'duplicated-value'</td><td>Value is duplicated</td></tr><tr><td>'suspect-error'</td><td>Errors are not detected. But, error(s) may happened while processing a request.</td></tr><tr><td>'access-denied'</td><td>Do not have permission to access.</td></tr><tr><td>'url-not-exist'</td><td>Request url is not exist.</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-request'</td><td>Invalid request</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-data'</td><td>Data is invalid</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-type'</td><td>Data type is invalid</td></tr><tr><td>'multiple-request'</td><td>Multiple request</td></tr><tr><td>'price-mismatch'</td><td>Price mismatch</td></tr><tr><td>'service-not-available'</td><td>Service is not available. (Service Registry)</td></tr><tr><td>'token-not-exist'</td><td>JWT token is not exist.</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-token'</td><td>Invalid JWT token.</td></tr><tr><td>'requestor-not-exist'</td><td>Requestor info in request header is not exist.</td></tr><tr><td>'too-many-failure'</td><td>Too many failure. (e.g. Sign in)</td></tr><tr><td>'not-allowed-for-guest'</td><td>Action from guest is not allowed</td></tr><tr><td>'cancel-not-available'</td><td>Item status, or qty, is not meet cancelable condition. </td></tr><tr><td>'dispute-not-available'</td><td>Item status, or qty, is not meet dispute condition.</td></tr><tr><td>'disabled-value'</td><td>The status of a record(s) is disabled</td></tr><tr><td>'no-stock'</td><td>Out of stock, or stock is not available</td></tr><tr><td>'missing-field'</td><td>Some of data field are missing</td></tr><tr><td>'missing-required'</td><td>Required data field is missing</td></tr><tr><td>'missing-data'</td><td>Some data is missing, or null</td></tr><tr><td>'missing-condition'</td><td>Some condition is missing</td></tr><tr><td>'missing-criteria'</td><td>Some criteria is missing</td></tr><tr><td>'missing-config'</td><td>Configuration is missing</td></tr><tr><td>'wrong-data'</td><td>Some data is wrong</td></tr><tr><td>'wrong-value'</td><td>Some value is wrong</td></tr><tr><td>'wrong-condition'</td><td>Some condition is wrong</td></tr><tr><td>'wrong-criteria'</td><td>Some criteria is wrong</td></tr><tr><td>'wrong-config'</td><td>Configuration is not set, or wrong</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-order-state'</td><td>Invalid order state</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-order-status'</td><td>Invalid order status</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-dispute-state'</td><td>Invalid dispute state</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-dispute-status'</td><td>Invalid dispute status</td></tr><tr><td>'key-not-exist'</td><td> Key not exist or expired (e.g. cartKey)</td></tr><tr><td>'special-price-exceed'</td><td>Special price is higher than regular price</td></tr><tr><td>'order-generate-fail'</td><td>Failed to generate order from cart</td></tr><tr><td>'customer-generate-fail'</td><td>Failed to generate customer data</td></tr><tr><td>'wrong-split-qty'</td><td>Split item qty is equal or greater then item qty</td></tr><tr><td>'wish-item-exist'</td><td>Same item is already added to wish list</td></tr><tr><td>'approve-qty-exceed'</td><td>Approve qty is more than request qty</td></tr><tr><td>'unresolved-task-exist'</td><td>Unresolved tasks are exist</td></tr><tr><td>'wrong-refund-amount'</td><td>Refund amount is wrong</td></tr><tr><td>'update-state-fail'</td><td>Failed to update state.</td></tr><tr><td>'update-status-fail'</td><td>Failed to update status.</td></tr><tr><td>'delete-not-allowed'</td><td>Delete action is not allowed</td></tr><tr><td>'account-not-found'</td><td>User name, or email not found</td></tr><tr><td>'password-mismatch'</td><td>Password does not match</td></tr><tr><td>'account-not-verified'</td><td>Account does not verified</td></tr><tr><td>'account-not-active'</td><td>Account is in inactive(dormant) state</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-tax-rate'</td><td>Tax rule or rate setting is something wrong</td></tr><tr><td>'not-enough-authority'</td><td>Not enough authority to access</td></tr><tr><td>'not-enough-resource'</td><td>Not enough resource (CPU, Memory...)</td></tr><tr><td>'update-failed'</td><td>Failed to update data</td></tr><tr><td>'delete-failed'</td><td>Failed to delete data</td></tr><tr><td>'write-file-fail'</td><td>Failed to write file</td></tr><tr><td>'read-file-fail'</td><td>Failed to read file</td></tr><tr><td>'upload-fail'</td><td>Failed to upload file(s)</td></tr><tr><td>'invalid-length'</td><td>The length is invalid</td></tr><tr><td>'too-long'</td><td>The length is too long</td></tr><tr><td>'too-short'</td><td>The length is too short</td></tr><tr><td>'duplicated-task'</td><td>Requested task is already exist</td></tr><tr><td>'product-option-not-selected'</td><td>Product option(s) is not selected</td></tr><tr><td>'under-maintenance'</td><td>System is under maintenance</td></tr></tbody></table>
